Q: What is the default branch of a git repository called?
A: main

Q: How do you change branches using git?
A: git checkout <branch_name>

Q: What is the command that allows you to create a local repository from a remote repository?
A: git clone

Q: How do you check the status of the working directory of the local repository?
A: git status

Q: What sequence of commands allows me to share new changes in a local repository with an (already configured) remote repository?
A: git add .
   git commit -m "message"
   git push

Q: What is the value of the expression (true && false)?
A: false

Q: How can you write `i = i + 1` more concisely?
A: i += 1

Q: What does the term "concatenation" mean?
A: concatenation means linking thing together. i.e. you can concatenate multiple strings to one string

Q: Why is the check for "equals" with (object == object) not reliable? What should you use for check of equal objects?
A: Because == only compares if two references are equal. You should use .equals() to compare objects

Q: What Collection implementation is ordered, but not sorted?
A: List

Q: What Collection implementation has only unique elements?
A: Set

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of an array named "students"?
A: students.length

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of a list named "students"?
A: students.size()

Q: In Java, what happens if I divide by Zero (eg. 8 / 0)?
A: It will throw an exception (ArithmeticException?)

Q: How can you check if File quiz = new File("quiz.txt") exists?
A: with quiz.exists()

Q: Depending on some attributes, an object should return isAllowed(). Should the method be static or not, why?
A: No, because if the object should return isAllowed() it wouldn't make sence to call the method without a reference to an object.

Q: What is the signature of the `main` method of a class?
A: main(String[] args)

Q: What is an instance of a class?
A: An instance of a class is an object created with this class

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of a class?
A: Class names should be in mixed case with the first letter of each word in uppercase

Q: Why should the usage of java.util.Date be avoided?
A: Because it is mutable and java.util.Date has Date and Time mixed in one Object

Q: What Java class do you use to store the Date "31.10.2021"?
A: java.time.LocalDate

Q: What is the advantage of using Generics?
A: With Gernerics we can add different objects to i.e. a list. So the advantage is, that we don't have to create different lists for different objects.
